hey guys what's happening it's on your
cell phone tutorials and today I'm going
to do a quick little review and just an
update to tell you guys the iOS 6
youtube app has just come out in the app
store it's available for free and if i
head into the app store now i will show
you guys what it looks like from the app
store now this thing is a huge upgrade
from the shitty old youtube app that we
used to have now this one sent by google
incorporated and overall it's just a
better experience you know it's really
smooth but i would go through that in
the video so there's a few pictures
there it just recently came out so they
don't have any ratings or anything but I
will get right into it and show you what
it looks like so if you scroll over this
is what the icon looks like it's the
white one there and I'm just going to
tell you guys they base this a lot of
pro tube it looks so much like pro tube
it's ridiculous so as you can see there
is the black bear up the top they're the
same as there was in pro tube and if I
just go back to the home feed here as
you can see comes up with all the videos
from your subscribers and they come up
in really nice blocks across the page
which is kind of the iOS 6 style so that
just comes up with all the things that
people have uploaded people have liked
and Molly recommended so that's pretty
cool now one of the biggest updates that
they've brought out in this is if I go
into my videos here I'll just be able to
show you but it's the way that the
videos play so if I go into the perineal
here as you can see it plays it from the
top screen
and it starts playing away there now you
have the option to make this a full
screen like just like and then there's a
button here you can hit it and you can
share at watch later etc so that is one
of the huge updates if I just hit out
there it will go widescreen like that I
can just hit it again and we go back to
normal and you could also go down here
it looks a lot nicer that's important to
subscribe and there's the likes and the
dislikes you can go to suggested you can
go to comments and overall as you can
see it just runs really smooth a lot
better than the other iphone app so this
is new iphone apps the iOS 6 1 guys I
recommend you get it it's free off the
app store and it is way better than the
other one so this has been a short
review guys I hope you enjoyed leave a
like my junior search GCSE results are
out tomorrow so if you guys can even
like for luck that would mean a lot mate
i'll have another v-log going up
probably today so I guess I will see you
guys later bye thanks for watching